Are athletes born athletes?
What about astronauts or pop stars?
No one knows at birth.
But then. what about witches?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Sorry for getting it dirty.
I'm almost done washing.
It'll turn right back to normal.
This spring is under a spell!
It never gets old. It's so beautiful.
Magic is amazing!
The world is brimming with magic.
It's a practical miracle
we can't live without.
But we don't know how it works.
THE MAGIC OF BEGINNINGS
Only witches can cast spells.
Ordinary people can only receive magic.
We can never become witches.
Those born witches are so lucky.
Oh. sheet. my sheet…
turn into a flying cloak!
Oh no!
Wait! No!
That's not what I meant by flying!
It's a pegasus carriage!
It's my first time seeing one land!
Mom! There's a pegasus carriage outside!
Mom!
I'm sorry! I didn't see you.
It's okay. My fault for standing
in front of the door.
Oh. I can't believe this!
Look at this!
I can't believe they have this here.
Oh. but don't you think
the oxalis embroidery is outdated?
More importantly. look!
This is Harian-knit lace!
That's amazing!
It sold out instantly in the castle town.
Those customers must have come
on a pegasus carriage!
Oh. no. not me.
Excuse me. ma'am.
do you have more lace like this?
Yes. right away!
Coco. help me out if you're here.
What would you like. sir?
I'd like some smoke-colored fabric.
but if you're busy. I can wait.
I can measure it out for you.
You can?
Coco is quite good.
Is that so?
Hey. can I go see
the pegasus carriage when I'm done?
What?
A pegasus carriage is here!
A pegasus carriage?
You're not going to play with
customer property. are you?
Don't worry. I'll just look!
I'll stop saying I want to be a witch.
Only if you finish your work early.
Yes!
Thank you for waiting!
How much would you like?
Oh. here.
I'll take care of it.
Wow.
That's quite the focus.
Steady hands too.
Clean lines and decisive cuts.
And most of all.
your finish is so careful and exact.
I had no idea
this village had such a wonderful artisan.
This is magic.
No! My work is nothing like that!
Magic is something more mysterious.
more sparkly.
more precious. and beautiful.
And it's more…
it's more…
it's more… sacred.
What am I even saying?
You really love magic. don't you?
May I ask you why?
When I was little.
I was taken to a festival at the castle.
I met a witch wearing a mask there.
You there.
Would you like to buy a picture book
about magic?
Magic? I like picture books.
but what's magic?
Magic is a miracle
that brings color to the world.
The pegasus carriages
that soar across the sky.
and the eternal springs
that keep their water pure.
And even the cobblestones that glow
when you step on them.
All of it is magic.
This is so pretty!
Magic is so amazing! I love magic!
Now with a free wand included!
So you were tricked into buying that?
You said you wanted to eat
grilled strawberries.
Well. I was chasing a butterfly.
and then I met a person with a pointy hat.
You already told me that.
So it's a picture book about magic!
And a free wand!
Okay. Coco. it's time to go home.
It's getting late.
Mom!
When I grow up. I'm going to be a witch
who brings color to the world!
That's impossible.
Why is that?!
You can't become a witch unless
you were born with the power of magic.
Ordinary people don't have
the innate ability to become witches.
Now. Coco. Let's go home.
But look!
The path glows when I step on it.
Then. if it keeps glowing
all the way home.
maybe you can use magic too.
Since then. I just like looking at it.
Or maybe I just can't let it go.
Can you tell me more about what--
What was that?
Hey. stop it. Stay still.
Easy. easy.
What are you doing? Jeez.
Shut up. Ow…
Are you okay?
What happened?
I didn't do anything. It just broke.
Huh? That's not true.
Tanerl went under it!
Tattle-tale!
He hit his head on the bottom.
and it flipped over.
Oh my! What in the world?
Our pegasus carriage…
We borrowed it from Father too.
Please accept my apologies.
The village children behaved terribly.
An apology won't help.
We can't go home without the carriage!
I don't know what more to say.
Pardon me.
Would you like me to fix it?
It doesn't look like
the damage is that bad.
Excuse me. but who are you?
My apologies. I forgot my signature item.
Qifrey the witch. at your service.
- A pointed hat.
You can fix it?
Yes.
Thank you. Mr. Witch.
It'll be all right.
I just have to recast the spell
on the bottom of the carriage.
I'd love for you to do it.
Please leave it to me.
But I can't really do it outside.
You can use our workshop!
It's okay. right. Mom?
I mean.
he's a real witch.
I might even get to see it.
The moment he casts a spell.
While I'm casting the spell.
I'd like you to keep watch outside
so no one peeks inside.
Don't let anyone in. no matter what.
Got it?
Life isn't that easy. I guess.
But I wonder why I can't watch.
There is so much magic in the world.
but we don't know how to cast it.
Only witches know…
the secret.
Huh?
Whoa. it's slippery.
Hey! What are you doing?
Busted!
It's just her. It’ll be fine.
Can we peek in from here?
Wait!
Keep your voice down!
Out of the way!
Seriously? Lame.
For real.
What?
No. I can't.
But I really want to see. But I shouldn't.
He's drawing...
magic... with a pen?!
Then that means...
it isn't a wand!
Magic is
not something you cast.
It's something you draw!
Now. then.
I'm done.
Good job.
I'm a bit relieved.
With you loving magic so much.
I thought that maybe you would say
you wanted to go with the witch.
I already lost your father to illness.
If you left too. I'd...
I'd never say that!
I couldn't leave you all by yourself.
Thank you. You're such a sweet girl. Coco.
Good night.
It's nothing. Good night.
…you would say
you wanted to go with the witch.
All the patterns
drawn in the picture book…
The magic wand wasn't just a freebie.
The pen itself was the magic wand!
I'm sorry. Mom. I won't go anywhere.
But let me try.
Huh?
Oh. it didn't work.
Figures. I knew it couldn't be that easy.
It glowed! I just used magic!
Amazing! It's magic! It's magic!
It's real magic! What should I do?!
So it is drawn.
But I wasn't supposed to look.
Will I get in trouble?
But just one more time.
Just one more page.
A picture book. A picture book. huh?
I can't get it out of my mind.
Surely not?!
That one was a fire spell!
No. no! Don't burn!
That was close!
But...
I feel like I'm getting the hang of this.
The bigger ones are stronger
than the smaller ones.
and the ones I drew neatly
last longer than the messy ones!
It's hard to draw them big and neatly.
Qifrey drew them so easily.
Oh. that's it!
Just as I thought.
If I trace over the pattern.
I can draw them neatly!
I did it!
You drew something.
What did you draw?
What magic did you draw?!
I don't know! I just traced the pattern
from the picture book!
Mom!
Run!
No. That can't be...
Mom! Mom!
Mom!
This is forbidden magic--
No! Let me go!
You'll get caught up in it too--
I have to save my mom!
It's no use! This is magic! And it's bad--
Oh no!
Mom!
No!
I'm sorry!
I didn't know.
Of course you didn't.
It's kept secret
to prevent things like this.
Special ink. prescribed seals.
With those. anyone can use magic.
It's the absolute secret of witches.
And now that you know.
I have to erase your memories.
No! If my memories are erased.
then who will save Mom?!
I'm sorry. but...
I don't remember the magic I drew.
but I can recite the contents
of the picture book by heart!
If I forget that. then my mom...
The picture book...
Of course!
If that book belongs to them.
I won't be able to track them.
If I erase her memories.
then the trail will go cold.
So you remember what the book was like?
Yes.
And what page the seal was drawn on?
Yes... Yes.
If I find the same book.
then the seal will be in it.
If you know which seal it is.
would you be able to save my mother?
I might... be able to.
Mr. Qifrey!
Please. don't erase my memories!
I'll do anything
if it means I can save my mother!
Can you keep the secret?
I promise!
Do you have the will to learn?
Learn…
If you are to retain the truth
you've learned.
then you'll have to stand alongside
us who keep the secret.
This is the only option
to keep your memories intact!
From now on...
you will become a witch.
Subtitle translation by: Emily Noguchi
EPISODE 2
THE SCHOOL IN THE MEADOW
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today